Hi, what are you talking about?
another video lesson for you guys
and how each has two video lessons
on page 72 of 716
today I 'll be betting another one ok it's
I'm going to teach you today how are you?
put your memory card as
internal memory
Ok I'll show you my memory.
internal looks like it's big
I have a 32 gig card
so look at my storage looks
29.71 gigabytes
Okay, it's very high, right?
micro sd did not exist
so I'll give my first good will
Record, people, if you sign up for my
channel you like I did not like it
Did you like your comment if you
Did not like your comment because you
Disliked by
rock I was going to record with a camera but
as I do not have a good camera on these two
violas there 27 grave was with an image
super bad so today I solved it
bringing this video lesson with the the
hero di ok that is the application that you
can edit view on your phone screen
so I'm going to move here in it and I can
show you there right?
ok it is not as efficient as well but gives pro
spent
good will you are using a click
favorite 'and also saw people help
here there is a notice
Okay, so let's start getting more dollars.
of bearings
I think it's so missed forget
Ok let's start soccer
Well, to begin with, you're going to need it.
of an application that
is this from here
I'll be leaving the discretion to
you descend
Okay, so there's not much you can
worry in the good you will lower it
Okay, it's okay, normal beauty.
you'll play it and open it here
will happen this is the interface of the
remote sd
You'll have to look great in your
And that's how I taught you how to do it.
Hot, but who does not want to do it there?
make a way do not find out a
way to do it without hot
so you have to have rock I like
put here in ms but you can put
No, it's okay.
After you have opened, you will do
the following they will not go back up
you go back here in this key of
crack the window will open this little window
Are you going to dial the enable remote?
to mark is in the fight stories modify and
here you will click here
internet, so if you do not have it
from here guys and girls stories
every 10 you write now you go
open the ex-internal sd
If you do not have it, then you guys
write exactly as you are here ok
pops up bar s external bar
Beauty, this way, you're going late now.
external usb and will write this from here
Okay, you sign up for the way you are.
here and showed it to you I will leave the
Registration also that you write the
What are you going to do?
You're going to executive mount.
You will click on it and you will come back here in the
start screen and will restart your
appliance
I'm going to not restart the device here.
because it will not hinder the ideal but ok
started your device
now I have to do some
explanations here for you guys fast
you have to restart the machine to
It will take 15 minutes to call
Totally, people, you have to.
get over it and you call it from
The moment you show the screen, you
blocked and left 15 minutes
five minutes 10 minutes stopped and
to totally experience being filthy there
For you with hands totally galera
You go there in your settings.
storage and see if your card
internal memory is memory
if he does not have guys you go
do you will come here in the menu will
rebound sd and will tighten rebound sd no
I will not rebuild rebuild rebuild
there will execute and this will appear
little thing here in the middle not checking
files will always appear this one is
preparing storage 33% ok go
show your case if I appear the same
to mine that is here to appear in no
leave
No problem, okay, but it 's good, but it's him.
It will appear to go out while you are
carrying that you do not call me
no one comes from there
you leave your memory card already
will be as internal memory or
explanation that I have to do here
in your files galera
You'll only have the SD card ok.
you only will you and with your space
memory card
in case your memory card is going to be
only an inner you will not have me
You know it 's like you have a
only 32 gigabyte but has a
however you can install what the
application if you have a card one
30 day card like honey
you can install an application of 16
gigas only if the cadengue galera has
that being small because the sinning will
occupy the same system memory or
be
the r7 has a gigolo 8 of internal memory
then all the sins that you
install in vain to occupy the internal memory
already the date for example here this game
Here are the bands I'm not going to get another
destructor is not real
here he has two gigs and 36 I think
I'm not mistaken, I installed it and the
sin he who has 10 megabytes I think
it was with real internal memory
memory even occupying a gigabyte
chicken 8
already the date went to the card then two
gigas and 36 since 2020 more or less
left I have on the card and 10 megabytes
I have in the year in internal memory
I do not know if I'll understand
Very well, but whatever I go
leave my facebook you measurement not me
I explain to you
Good, but it's more or less so, and I did.
this video lesson that real quick the guys
to not get too big of how
put your memory card as
internal memory
Okay, I hope you liked it .
your comment click and I do not like it
I like you, do not like to comment
Why do not you like being there?
trying to improve this time did not make it through
cameras because the cameras were
really bad so I decided to do
by the same pc okay is click on favorite '
favorite people notification of this video
and that's it guys even more to
next
went